Add documentation on plan life cycle and instance admission controller (#226)
kudobuilder/www: content/docs/developing-operators/plans.md

- name: APPLICATION_MEMORY
  trigger: canary
```

> ## Executing Plans

Reviewer: In know this feature has been running as _Manual Plan Execution_ so far. I still want to suggest rethinking how the docs present this. I'd argue that the execution is not manual – plans are executed by KUDO. The thing that is manually do is the trigger: _Triggering Plans_ might be a better title.

This also maps the CLI/yaml where you can either specify a triggering parameter, or _trigger_ manually.

WDYT?

Author: Agreed! I was thinking the same but _"manual plan triggering"_ just wouldn't roll off the tongue the same as _"manual plan execution"_  Anyway, changed.

> In general, KUDO manager will automatically [execute a plan](what-is-kudo.md#operator-parameters) when the corresponding parameter changes. However, sometimes this is not enough. Sometimes you need to execute a plan manually like running a periodic `backup` plan or executing `restore` plan in case of data corruption. Such plans typically do not need a corresponding parameter. KUDO [v0.11.0](https://github.com/kudobuilder/kudo/releases/tag/v0.11.0) introduced new feature: manual plan execution. In a nutshell, you can now:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, KUDO manager will automatically [execute a plan](what-is-kudo.md#operator-parameters) when the corresponding parameter changes. However, sometimes this is not enough. Sometimes you need to trigger a plan manually, e.g. to create a periodic `backup`, or `restore` data in case of data corruption. Such plans typically do not need a corresponding parameter. KUDO [v0.11.0](https://github.com/kudobuilder/kudo/releases/tag/v0.11.0) introduced new feature: manual plan execution. In a nutshell, you can now:
```

Nit: switching verbs can be confusing since the reader might not fully understand whether there's a difference between _running_ and _executing_ a plan. In line with my comment above, I'd change this to _trigger_ plans, not _execute_ or _run_ them.

```bash
$ kubectl kudo plan trigger --name deploy --instance my-instance
```

> which will execute `deploy` plan on `my-instance`. While this looks relatively easy on the surface, the devil is in detail, so let's take a closer look.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which will trigger the `deploy` plan and execute it on `my-instance`. While this looks relatively easy on the surface, the devil is in detail, so let's take a closer look.
```
